welcome to the PCC systems pic rate
challenge between four popular order
picking methods paper-based RF voice
directed and light directed picking also
known as pick to light the pick rate
challenge that you're about to see
compares these four pick methods using
an identical order pick from the same
storage media by the same picker
the order picked had eight line items
where each line consisted of one or two
units after picking this order 15 times
with each pick method the average pick
rates were calculated watch now as the
order is picked to completion using all
four picking techniques running side by
side
picked alight is complete with an
average order completion time of 49
seconds now let's listen in on a few
moments voice directed picking go to
section three eight zero ready four four
zero four four one
ready boys - wretched pickiness complete
boys directed picking average and order
completion time of 1 minute 36 seconds
or 96 seconds are rough picking is
complete our picking average an order
completion time of 1 minute
44 seconds 4 104 seconds keep in mind
that when choosing an order picking
technology there are other
considerations to make and that this
study focuses solely on the metrics
commonly exhibited in broken case
picking from case flow rack or Shelby
paper face picking is complete paper
phase picking had an average order
completion time of 2 minutes 7 seconds
or 127 seconds over 15 repetitions so
what do these average order completion
times tell us about the pick rates the
time it takes to complete an order is
inversely proportional to the pick rate
and productivity so as the order
completion time drops the pick rate and
productivity increase these increases in
pick rate and productivity give added
benefit by reducing your overall labor
costs on average RF picking was about 20
seconds faster than paper-based picking
this increase in pick rate gives an
overall labor savings of 18% voice
directed picking was slightly faster
giving you an 8 percent labor savings
over RF picking however compared
directly to voice directed picking
picked alight is nearly twice as fast
and gives you a 49 percent reduction in
labor costs in total picked Alliant
gives you a 61 percent labor savings
over paper-based picking
contact us today to take a closer look
or to take the challenge for yourself
you